In researching the different variations of the classic Breakout game, I really liked Jet Ball because of the variety of
different power ups available - watching this game gave me a bit of inspiration and a jolt of creativity that I
channelled into my own game plan.

 - Game and Levels:

For my breakout variation, I intend to do a soccer game, specifically themed around Liverpool, my home town team.
The background will be a soccer field, and the arena walls will be lined in fans to create a stadium effect. Liverpool's
color is red, so the crowd will be red, and the user's paddle will be red. The ball will be a soccer ball.
I want my different levels to represent a game against one of Europe's top teams. Liverpool are the current European
Champions, so I want each level to be the best team from each top league in Europe, before the final.

Level 1 - Knockout Round 1 -- Germany - Borussia Dortmund -- I was going to use Bayern Munich, but they are also red. Dortmund are the
    second best team and wear yellow, so this is a good contrast to the red of Liverpool. Yellow and black themed bricks

Level 2 - Knockout Round 2 -- France - PSG -- red and blue themed bricks

Level 3 - Quarter-Final -- Italy - Juventus -- black and white themed bricks

Level 4 - Semi-Final -- Spain - Barcelona -- red, blue, yellow themed bricks

Level 5 - Final -- England - Manchester City -- light blue and white themed bricks

If you beat Level 5, you will win the Champions League trophy

To beat a level, not only do you have to clear all of the bricks, but you also have to score a goal. The goal will be at
top center, and will be defended by a goalkeeper who will be the hardest brick to break (4 hits)

The user will have 3 lives per level - warning, yellow card, red card - when you lose a life, whichever icon I use to
represent a life, I will replace with a warning icon (!), yellow card, then when you receive a red card you start over
over again

 - Bricks:

  Bricks will be colored differently by round depending on who the opponent is

  I will have a goal at the top defended by a goalkeeper - this is the toughest brick to break - 4 hits and will have the
goalkeepers face on it
  I will have a soccer formation layout of 10 other player bricks - these will each take 3 hits to break and will have the
players face on it
  I will have smaller (filler) team bricks in the gaps between players, and also as a line in front of the player bricks that one has to
break through before taking on the actual opposing team - these will each take 2 (maybe 1 hit) hits to break, but I will
gauge this as I build to see how varying the hits to break these bricks will optimize gameplay. These bricks will just be
colored based on the teams colors

Some player bricks can also drop anti-powerup hits. Some will be a faster balls (which will be harder to defend
against) and some will be skulls that can make the user lose a life if they catch it.


 - Power Ups:

Power ups will fall down from certain bricks and need to be caught by the paddle to activate. They will be represented
by a Liverpool player's face:

Mo Salah: Fireball powerup - Mo is Liverpool's top scorer, and the fireball will be a flaming ball that will break through
any type of brick regardless of how many hits it takes to break through it normally. May even have it not bounce back
after it's first collision.

Virgil Van Dijk: Shield powerup - VVD is the best defender, and so catching him will create a shield that stops you from
losing a life for as long as it lasts - even if you miss the ball with your paddle, I will have some sort of shield design
that allows the ball to bounce off the bottom boundary

Roberto Firmino: First Touch powerup - Firmino is a skillful Brazilian player and has a great first touch, and so having
this power up will make the paddle sticky, so you can catch the ball and move the paddle before firing the ball off again.
Will use space bar to fire.

Andy Robertson: Multiple balls - Robertson is famous for his service and assists, and so catching his powerup will add 2
new balls.

(Maybe) Sadio Mane: Faster paddle - Mane is one of the fastest players, so if I can add this as an additional powerup,
then the paddle will be able to move faster.


 - Cheat Keys:

 P - Pause game and resume
 R - Restart level
 B - Bonus life
 S - Skip a level


 - Extra Feature:

 The extra feature is the Goal. Scoring a goal is an automatic pass to the next round. You must score a goal to reach the
 next round. You dont have to clear every brick to do this, but you do have to get rid of the goalkeeper, who is guarded
 by all the other bricks and is the toughest to break overall. I think this is a cool feature because it is relevant to
 the aim of the game in soccer, so I thought it made sense to add it as a feature here.


